en,zh: bump operator to v1.6.2 (#2835)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-cr.md

    * `log-pause`: temporarily pauses the currently running log backup task. After pausing, you can use the `log-start` command to resume the task.
    * `log-stop`: permanently stops the log backup task. After executing this command, the Backup CR enters a stopped state and cannot be restarted.

>   For versions before v1.5.5, use the `logStop` field with boolean values (`true`/`false`) to control log backup operations. While `logStop` is still supported in v1.5.5 and {{{ .tidb_operator_version }}}, it is recommended to use `logSubcommand` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For versions before v1.5.5, use the `logStop` field with boolean values (`true`/`false`) to control log backup operations. While `logStop` is still supported in v1.5.5 and v1.6.1, it is recommended to use `logSubcommand` instead.
```
